Hello my name is Vovchik and today
we analyze song star so what in
This song involves chords em that is
f fraction
these are bars on the second fret 4 finger on
fourth string
4 water the third finger on the 5 string of the same
of the year
farther chord
and three fingers on the second fret on 2 3 and 4
strings attention sixth string is not
is playing
can drown out the index finger then
there is a first chord hm7
bars on the second fret the second finger on
second string 3 y
the third finger on the fourth string 4 frets
farther to the center of the bar on the fourth fret
fingers putting fingers on the chord
am
farther chord d pair on the fifth fret
three fingers on the seventh fret on 2 3 4
strings farther chord c / he is building
fingers exactly the same as d
only we move the arm for 1 watt that is
at that there is a barrier we have on the fourth
fret
fingers on the sixth
so with us as we have it sounds and so
I lose the intro and suddenly em a hm 7
center m
again
here is a
wrong
and so what sequence
this is the first part ie the first half
joining the second half NTRY
back to
fm losing literally starting too
so with in the second half of the entry we
from the hm 7 chord go to d and
go to the whole
so verse and chorus
the whole song is played exactly the same
sequence as in the introduction
just another fight and so what and so
which bout of programs are slowly returning
on
so
lose all together so in the chord about
the chords c & h solved and d we spend on
strings once fast
so I lose
once again all the very beginning
in the game of this song we are periodically like you
noticed stunned strings that is
and so in pace
Thank you all for your attention with you.
general subscribe to my channel guide
of song 2 x
Good luck everyone, bye